hello friends welcome to them guru today
I am going to teach you the lesson of
the song Morrisania Musa Polina from the
album from the band future
and this song is a bit tricky not for
big men especially and this are the
intro of this song is very melodious a
whole song is it's full of melody our
wonderful song so let us begin the
lesson from the intro of this song so
before we begin I just want to tell you
mine guitar is half step down according
to the standard during my guitar is sort
of key this is d sharp this is sort of a
this is u G sharp C sharp F sharp and
this again is disha so what you need to
do you need to start from like a would
be minor Barre chord you need to buy
your finger on the seventh fret of the
guitar and place your second finger on
the 8th fret of the guitar on second
string and you third finger comes on the
9th fret 9th fret 4th string
and then eight fret first string so it
was left and then slide from eight to
ten one second
and then first on prostrate slowly then
again you need to would hold this for me
- for like this
and and I work from a pinkie finger from
eight to ten on second string
and then pay posturing
and again tenth on second stream and
eight and then C chord like this pull
off from 8 to 7 and then play 8 to 7 on
through its first string and then 8 on
second and Nikon third
and then
then D this s4c and then play our is f
sharp Lamont you said first ring and
then hold T like this and hammer one
question
and pull off on the second string first
fret
and then turn
and then you need to hold this cord like
this first thread comes from first wing
second second string first fret and
third string second fret slide from
first second to third
this is how you need to play the first
part of the intro this is a bit tricky
so just start again in a slow page
then the rest of the things on the
second part of the intro illumine is the
same instead of you plane you need to
hammer from 8th to 10th and then pull
off from 8 to 7 and then again 8 and 9
volt second
so thanks for watching this lesson
please like and subscribe us